

 Races

 Races have 2 categories of parameters - units stats and race parameters.
 	Unit stats only affect the selected unit, while race parameteres show the global state of the race.

Global Parameters
	Order			-	Determines whether the race still listens to its patron Meddler. 0 -> 50 (200)
	Boldness		-	Determines aggressiveness of race- willingness to battle, speed of expansion.
	Industry		-	Determines structure build speed. 1 -> 5 (8)
	Reproduction	-	Determines unit build speed. 1 -> 5 (8)



 A unit of a race is 100 members of that race, represented on the map as a single unit on a single tile.
 Each unit has the following parameters, generated from the race base-stats, to determine game usage.
 	Life		( Health Points )
 	Head		( Psy Attack )
 	Mind		( Psy Defense )
 	Upper Limb	( Phys Attack )
 	Torso		( Phys Defense )
 	Lower Limb	( Speed / tile movement )

 	Stability	( Range modifier ) ???


What can races do?
	The purpose of any race is to add to the Eminence of their patron (Meddler) or otherwise spread their influence.
	This is accomplished in a number of ways.

	1) Worship
				Temples and other sites of worship built by a race add to the Eminence of a Meddler every turn.
				Other forms of worship are pilgramiges, or carrying out a 'Decree' from a Meddler.

	2) Collect resources
				This does not directly affect a Meddler, but it enables the race to build more 'things', enabling expansion
				and the creation of more units to carry out the Meddler's edicts. Divided into Stone, Wood, and Food.

	3) Build
				Basic Races can build Villages, Forts, Temples, Lumber Camps, Mines, and Farms. Each of the latter three simply increase
				the resource output of a given tile. Every tile adajacent to a Village is automatically collected and inserted into
				the race's global resource 'bank'. Resource collection buildings can only be built within 20 tiles of a Village/Town/City.
				They are free to create.

				Villages change over time. Every resource collected within their 20-tile radius counts towards their expansion.
				After 100 Stone and Wood, a Village -> Town. After another 500 Stone and Wood, Town -> City. The first city created by the
				race becomes the Capital, which can create unique units.
				Villages cost 50 Stone and 50 Wood to build.

				Temples can be contructed anywhere, and allow the patron Meddler to act within their 20-tile radius. They also generate, by
				default, +2 eminence per turn. 

				Forts and Cities are the only buildings able to counter-attack any aggressors. Forts have the highest attack, and can produce
				special military units. Any buildings adjacent to a Fort cannot be attacked until the Fort is destroyed.

	4) Create Unit
				There are two types of Units - Squads, and Heros.

				Each Squad unit is treated as a single unit, but portrays X amount of people. The 'life' of the squad unit shows how many
				people remain alive in the squad. Squads can be stacked 10 times.

				A Hero is a single person, but is equivalent to the X amount of people within a single Squad Unit. In this world, 1 'man'
				can defeat 100 of his contemporaries, since that man is a 'Hero' and blessed at birth by a patron Meddler. Heroes can stack
				to a party of 6.

				Units are generated naturally by races as the resources become available, but Heroes must be 'created' by a Meddler.


				Squad Unit Types (Subject to change)

					Might just use titles, no names, otherwise need naming convention for X amount of races w/ customization.

					Light Infantry
							+20% Upper limb
					Heavy Infantry
							+20% Upper limb
							+20% Torso
							-40% Lower Limb
					Light Calvary
							+40% Lower Limb
					Heavy Calvary
							+20% Lower Limb
							+20% Torso
					Light Archers
							None, but get to go first.
					Heavy Archers
							Always deal damage first.
							+20% Torso


					Any unit above can deal physical or magical damage.
					Modifiers can be purchased to offset phys/psy weaknesses.

					Elements are not damage types, but modifiers.
					So two types of damage: Physical and Psychic
						With four modifiers: None , Fire , Ice , Lightning

					Infantry -> Calvary
						+25% damage
					Calvary -> Archers
						+25% damage
					Archers -> Infantry
						+25% damage

					Mages have no damage bonuses / penalties.


					units stat calculations:
						base * class mod

